docs(README): clarify i18n flow (#292)
ipfs/js.ipfs.io: README.md

### Missing language? Help us translate!

Everyone can help by translating content at Transifex:

- Go to https://www.transifex.com/ipfs/js-ipfs-website and start translating.
- If your language is missing request it on Transifex.

### Synchronizing translations (maintainer task)

> Once in a while the maintainer of this repo synchronizes translations.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Periodically, a maintainer of this repo will need to synchronize translations to ensure everything is up to date.  
```

> **Below steps are done by admin, regular translators only work on Transifex.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: The steps below are for admins and can be ignored if you're a translator; all translation work happens in Transifex only.**
```

To download updates of all locales:
```console
$ tx pull -a
```

Then check if any language is missing in the file [intl/config](intl/config.js), if so, add a line for missing one. 

For example, if you were to add Portuguese, you would only have to add the new language to the `availableLocales` array:

```diff
module.exports = {
  defaultLocale: 'en',
  availableLocales: [
    { acronym: 'en', fullForm: 'English' },
+    { acronym: 'pt', fullForm: 'Português' }
  ]
}
```

Then, to download updates of specific locale:
```console
$ tx pull -l pt
```

Finally, commit changes to `./src/i18n.js` and `public/locales/`.

> **Note:** newly added language will be live at [js.ipfs.io](https://js.ipfs.io/) as soon as the `production` branch is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Newly added language(s) will be live at [js.ipfs.io](https://js.ipfs.io/) as soon as the `production` branch is updated.
```
